Definitely in the periphery. For example, in this festival wrap-up, this Sathya Chaturva Uparana is
one of the very powerful, powerful to cleanse this karma and this negativity.
And that's why other day maybe I mentioned that in the teaching story begins with these two
teachers and students, and they have created such heavy karma, and then that's why this Vaidya Sath
va gives the teaching of this Sathya Chaturva Uparana.
And that so easily cleanses, but however, consequence will go for a while. But it definitely cleans
es. And Vaidya Sathva is the most powerful practice to cleanse and purify the samaya.
But along with that, there is Dzogchi meditation. Dzogchi meditation is. And then all, every
marriage generally is really powerful. So I'm thinking of the samaya, and as well as all the samaya
generally, what that means, when samaya is not a single isolated activity, samaya practice, samaya
has related with some, not samadri, related with some of the poses.
Whether it is related with ignorance or calling ignorance best. But then ignorance, activity, merge
, comes powerfully with the attachment or anger or jealous or arrogance.
And then we practice. Samaya is not just, samaya is something different than the those. So it is
really related with the five poses.
Activity is strongly, and that's why that is that medhala begin to damage or tear or stain. All
that means it depends on what the trick is that.
And so medhala, what is medhala? Medhala is again, with no hidden thing, because medhala is love.
Medhala is occupation. Medhala is western.
Medhala is new, that purity of the three Vedyas. Vedyara speech, Vedyama, Vedyara poems, that is
what really the medhalas.
So this samaya is opposite of that. This is samsara, samsara, complete opposite of that. And that's
what the samaya in the Vedyana teachings say.
It's very delicate. It's very delicate. It's very delicate because it really stains. It's not just
only that.
But then in the teachings it will affect all things. Even you use it, I'm sure you read the books
that the teachings say.
It's one beautiful bowl, like bowl of the merk. If you drop one drop of blood, the whole, the merk
can be spoiled, that teaching says.
And that's how they use the example of the samaya in that way too. But it depends according to the
teachings of that.
And then with bread, with jandek, with bread, all these things, that's what, those are reminded of
us.
And we see this in anything that is cleansing purify because this is the time to back up that, to
clean.
So that purify. And even in Indonesia, for example, this dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, and this princess,
all that is stolen.
So this is our picket or mukbarana, and then this practice. You are definitely in chaos.
Okay, we stop here.